README.md, before:

Team 04, Semester 2 2024/2025, Web Programming Project - Financial Goal Planning System
# Savora
A web-based platform designed to help users manage and achieve their financial goals through strategic planning, market insights, and educational tools.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap
- **Backend**: Node.js
- **Database**: MongoDB

## 💡 Features

1. **Goal-Based Financial Planning**  
   Set, update, and track short- and long-term financial goals.

2. **Personalized Strategy Recommendation**  
   Basic investment suggestions based on income and goal types.

3. **Market Insights & News**  
   Access curated market news and nearby investment-related events.

4. **Investment Tools**  
   Calculators for compound interest and ROI comparison.

5. **Educational Content**  
   Curated books, videos, and articles on finance and investing.

6. **AI Financial Assistant**  
   A chatbot that answers common queries about financial planning.

## 📁 Folder Structure

Refer to the [Repository Layout](https://github.com/DYing04/Savora/blob/main/Repository%20Layout) in the folder for clear modular structure of frontend, backend, and chatbot components.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DYing04/Savora.git

Commit message:

Updated README.md and package.json

README.md, after:

Team 04, Semester 2 2024/2025, Web Programming Project - Financial Goal Planning System
# Savora
A web-based platform designed to help users manage and achieve their financial goals through strategic planning, market insights, and educational tools.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express.js 
- **Database**: MongoDB

## 💡 Features

1. **Goal-Based Financial Planning**  
   Set, update, and track short- and long-term financial goals.

2. **Personalized Strategy Recommendation**  
   Basic investment suggestions based on income and goal types.

3. **Market Insights & News**  
   Access curated market news and nearby investment-related events.

4. **Investment Tools**  
   Calculators for compound interest and ROI comparison.

5. **Educational Content**  
   Curated books, videos, and articles on finance and investing.

6. **AI Financial Assistant**  
   A chatbot that answers common queries about financial planning.

## 📁 Folder Structure

Refer to the [Repository Layout](https://github.com/DYing04/Savora/blob/main/Repository%20Layout) in the folder for clear modular structure of frontend, backend, and chatbot components.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DYing04/Savora.git

### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install

This will install all dependencies listed in package.json, including Bootstrap, Express, MongoDB driver, and others.

💡 Make sure you have Node.js installed before running this command.
